VSCode - Document v2.5 features and edit/restructure content (#1331)
trufflesuite/trufflesuite.com: src/docs/vscode-ext/how-to/add-a-wallet.md

    your dependencies section:

    ```json
    "truffle-hdwallet-provider": "1.0.10"
    ```

    If you don't have an existing `package.json` as part of your project, create one by running the
    following:

    ```shell
    npm init -y
    npm install truffle-hdwallet-provider@1.0.10 --save
    ```

1. Update the Truffle configuration to include the wallet provider and a native Node package to
    access the file system.
    Add this to the top of `package.json`.

    ```javascript
    const HDWalletProvider = require('truffle-hdwallet-provider');
    const fs = require('fs');
    ```

1. To deploy locally, the wallet isn't required, but a network section for development is required.
    If this isn't present in `package.json`, you can add this to the network section.

    ```json
    development: {
      host: "127.0.0.1",     // Localhost (default: none)
      port: 8545,            // Standard Ethereum port (default: none)
      network_id: "*",       // Any network (default: none)
    }
    ```

1. To deploy to another target, no other configuration is needed.
    When selecting deploy contracts, the relevant network section is added dynamically to the Truffle

>     configuration.

Reviewer: I'm getting hung up on "deploy contracts". Are the users selecting something called **deploy contracts** or are they selecting "contracts to deploy"? Or should it be "to deploy contracts?"

> 1. To deploy to another target that has been manually added to the Truffle configuration, the
>     provider must be added manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To deploy to another target that has been manually added to the Truffle configuration, you must add the
    provider manually.
```
Avoiding passive voice
